* Music of War * Veronica Wang,
Pokimane, Alinity, and Ray William Johnson.
What about these people they have in common? They are copystriking! This is true,
All these people have a history of multiplication multiplication
Videos.
Now, there is nothing inherently wrong about sharing okay?
But I believe that these strikes are motivated by copyright, m ​​...
* Stop War Music *
... worth mentioning at least.
Recently, Jameskii conducted a video about how to close his channel almost
Mother,
Because he got a copyright strike because someone did not like what he said in a video.
right Now,
I personally have a lot of experience in the field of copyright and I think it is in everyone's interest on this site
Mother ...
... We talked about this in today's video, as well as I can get a larger viewing time.
And therefore...
Do not keep watching the players.
* Equals three sound effect *
Our first twitch twitch is Ray William Johnson.
Remember Ray?
Ray William Johnson hit a copyright channel called "Hoover".
[HOOVER] Ray William Johnson
Himself, - (I'm pretty sure) - took down the [bass] video.
Now I have no idea why he did it, but I have made that claim
Claimed the entire video, 12 minutes, everything.
So the superiority was
The original pieces were lost
The parts we just talked about are
Now, usually outside the obvious final appeal
But the thing is that if you take the video in full, then this appeal is seen as he gets it out
This is a copyright infringement on my ass. There are no good parts of this
So the title of the video was deleted by Ray, and William Johnson was interesting
Ray William. Johnson thought he was capable of singing, and was basically making fun of the video
Reverts the old Johnson singing
Career or old music in the first place and ask the question: Was this video deleted if it was called?
Singing Johnson sings like a ray of angel. William. Johnson played down musical genius. I do not think so
Well, now the video comes back again
So I suppose they solved this but I think it's important to note that this has not just happened
Solution because Ray William Johnson believes in himself. Maybe I should not have downloaded this video I will remove the claim. Not got
Probably thanks to a lot of YouTube users who raise their voices and help this channel and a lot of popular anger on Twitter
Copyright claim has been removed. I find this very hypocritical
Coming from someone who went to court to fight for fair use raywilliamjohnson who made a career?
Mainly from the content of other people responding to it and adding their own comments. Just as Hoover did now to be just
And i appreciate that. Raywilliamjohnson took down the claim. Nor can I be sure what the motive behind the claim was originally
I can not tell the truth that it was because people ridiculed him
I think what we'll find today is a common theme people did not like in the video
So it has been deleted. I already know the example illinit II, but I will bring it because I think it is important though
This is very annoying
Stupid
Uni Twish believes, they win me. Well, they will not go away with my stupid thoughts no
Seriously used it
I will copy the blow of this man
Just for that word
Will copy it
Yo, so I did not even call Alina de joke I thought I used a word basically was enough for her to think about
I will be asking for revenue from this video and I think this has revealed the second problem in copyright infringement
They sent me $ 700 last month
From a hit struck people
Good money. So this reveals the second problem with the copyright strike
It is the motivation for monetary games to hit the content of others
on the principle
If you request a video, you'll receive all of that revenue from that video
So weak here tried to use the motivation to use two bad words against me
So I'm all that revenue in this video, that's me now. Thank you so much. Revenue. I was in this person's video
Yes, I mean they basically steal, and there are a lot of companies that share banners
Specifically so that they can claim the content that has been re-uploaded to YouTube in a way that you can understand but I also find it ironic
Because the comment is usually just a posteriori there. They do not add anything to it
I do not even know why people are bothering to reload these at least that YouTube users may argue that their work is my conversion
Understanding each other the world will be a better place. That's true. That's all I care about
I just want people to be happy with me. This is number one priority
Crush like on this video. Sorry, we will get this abuse. That would help me a lot. Thank you very much for watching
Be sure to hit the shepherd
So become a sponsor so you can see it and
That's all for me right now. Thank you guys so much to see. - I 'il see you guys.
Well, oh Hey Sherut hit the subscription
Goddammit, what are you doing? I'm not here to call. Well on anything else involved in the third example
Exhibition c
Veronica Wang
disappointing. I thought I gave her the benefit of doubt
But they were basically attacking a channel to the degree that it was almost deleted
Why why they did not like this channel content
He did not like how the video mocked her and people did not like her
Watching the video he was making fun of was making her more fun for her
I am representing my own subscribers, and I want to prove to them that it is OK to stand up for yourself
So I made a video of me making fun of me
Literally a video makes fun of me to show people, you know, if anyone is allowed to make fun of me
I will have
So this reveals another big problem in my opinion
It is somewhat similar to the boky-d situation
Pokie Home She hit this video called Keemstar Vs Pokemon Twitter Fight against the sniper and the Wolf Boy
Now I know about this video because it was pushed everywhere by YouTube
It was basically a Twitter dispute between keemstar and pokey mind. They uploaded videos to each other
I do not know coz king my mom sir. And why the Pokemon decided. Yes, I will make a video too
None However, one of them decided to put these two videos together and upload them to YouTube
Next, the YouTube algorithm thought this was an interesting video that people wanted to see and push everywhere
This Twitter drama has become a bigger drama. thanks. YouTube algorithm
Somehow, I understand why you'd like to delete this video because of this
The selected command swells and becomes larger. Thanks for the YouTube system being
Kind of stupid at least I can fairly understand the motive behind trying to download this video but the problem here is
The same problem that occurs with every example you bring into this video is that you are attracting more attention to it
It's a Streisand effect every time you try to hide something and more people will discover it
This made all these examples lie. I think what bothers me
Most of all is hypocrisy
You know Ray William Johnson went to court for fair use
But hit the content of another channel to load it fine
All these people you've raised today have examples of using other people's content for their own content
They can get all copyright manuscript in the same way. They destroy the copyright of other people or claim their videos
I do not know exactly what percentage
But I say 90% of the content on the Internet or on YouTube is at least at its end
The original content is not 100 percent. It
Commented on her review of her play. I mean people tell me the whole time. Hey just make original content
Well guess what? Each single-channel game is not an original content. They interact with someone else's video game. It's someone else's content
They do not have their rights
The same way with any other reaction, but fair use because it is a transformational work because you add a comment to it
Remember when Sean Vanamen decided to give me a DMCA action for copyright infringement
He did not like what I said in a live broadcast that had nothing to do with his game
Although they are granted general authorization on their website. You are free to use our game
So they can basically revoke it at any time
If there is anyone if you have permission to use someone's content
You can still get a copyright strike because YouTube is not primarily interested in any of these
I feel very confident that if I take Sean Fineman to court or his company to fight this claim
Which is essentially what DM told the master if they fought against him
But I feel confident that I will win this and waste him and his company time and money
Well my time as well, obviously they are not cheap either
I mean h3h3 went to court which one consistently hundreds of thousands of dollars fifty thousand dollars
I think they welcomed a check but the problem here is YouTube
So strongly to the person who makes the claim the way the system works and I will explain it for the 100th time
I'm sorry for all this
You can either get a claim or a copyright strike if the video is claimed to be saving the video
But they take all revenue if you receive a violation for copyright infringement
But they still take all the revenue if you claim the video as a creator
This dispute claims that you are not mistaken because of this claim and that it is mainly due to the person making the claim
actually no. I'm right so you're not only getting money, but you're also dictating whether you're right or wrong
The system messed up too
If you do not double the mud to the claim, it will automatically be directed to the copyright strike
Basically, as an originator if you get a claim, you are very angry, but if you are the person who makes the claim
There is basically no repre conscience. I mean that you can claim everything you want YouTube will not go
Stop doing that and as a creator, you risk closing your channel
I mean, this is what happened to James now because he got a copyright strike if you got a copyright claim as you say
Well, we'll take this to court after that. This is the only way we can settle this history, which represents two examples
h3 h3 and raywilliamjohnson
Both argue that their content has been transformative and fair and applies in fair use and guess what they want
Make a comment on your videos and add your account
Reactions and all that - they apply to fair use at least from what we have seen so far
So if you publish the copyright to a channel or even claim a channel
Take the risk of going to court and losing a lot of money
Therefore, it is generally helpful to abuse this system
That many people seem to be doing without even thinking about crash questions because YouTube is not real
Its immediate application is
Awesome idea to do this. Not just for money
But also because everyone will hate you. I mean the one thing that holds YouTube together at this point
It is the public outcry or popular anger towards people who misuse the system and if not
I mean the whole thing will spread. You also just attract more attention to what you're trying to hide
So, can you stop just stopping abuse and copyright? It is not that difficult
Do not remove videos, even if they show you in a negative way. It's a terrible idea
stop doing that
Stop downloading videos YouTube needs to add a removal request
The only way to download the video now is by violating the copyright request for removal. Let's just say
Well, you give the user two or three days to download the video, then if he does not say at that time, then
Moves to a copyright strike
The way you do it now is the only way to download your video by infringing copyright
I think the removal request will solve a lot of problems
I mean, there are times when I had to strike copyright because of a video
I just wanted to be shown for a specific time and asked people not to enter this video really because they were waiting for me only
To take it down is to give it a copyright violation and people have done it
Anyway, real people are still going to the video, you're like, well
Well, I must give you a copyright strike now, such as my unwillingness to do so
But YouTube does not have another way to download a video
So the removal request at least would be a fair warning between my last two points at least. I'm sorry
It was super long
The last point is a few years back Nintendo announced it
Mainly to download Nintendo games on YouTube
They must be part of their partnership
Program for me personally, many people criticized this idea because it is just a bad idea
You will miss a lot of free marketing
It's basically what people are playing games and now they have announced that they are closing the program in the way
YouTube works on YouTube or on the internet in general that most people benefit from sharing these different things?
Game developers know it's free marketing for people playing their games. They even pay YouTube users to play their game
They even pay to make it look like it. There are YouTube users playing their game even though they are just actors
This is how effectively this whole thing sharing ecosystem works people work
Watch and reply to other people's videos that help this creator
They receive some content of participation, something that everyone benefits from, not just for promotion
But also makes everything more fun in my opinion. This makes the animations enjoyable and all these different references and anything
It's really bad with people who abuse copyright infringement. Stop
Videos multiplication copyright
Okay
Just stop making it worse, every YouTube tool has the tools to make everyone strike copyright
Stop using it. It's already bad enough now with Article 13
Maybe you've already heard about it will make it worse
Remained 11 days before the decision on article 13
I strongly encourage you to sign this petition
Right now to sign the petition we need to protect the Internet works YouTube system
It also works. Hassan. that's the problem
The stuff we will use the system and sign this inspiring tradition is this. Thank you guys so much. I love you guys a lot
See you tomorrow, guys. Good-bye
Bye you think the video is over?
80 million club is here. everybody. Can we copy this guy right?
80 million club, that's right for everyone. Thank you for 80 million subscribers. Coz yes
Very epic Mir Check out the link in the limited time description only sayonara bro sogamis what the actual?